Every time we unlock our devices, the likelihood of us being exposed to marketing messages and mobile advertising tactics increases, providing a highly valuable – not to mention lucrative – opportunity for […]
Building trust in the workplace: responsible, ethical, and sustainable business practices
Trustworthiness, ethical behaviour, authenticity, transparency, accountability, advocacy: in 2024, these are not simply buzzwords and buzz phrases that organisations can throw about to win over stakeholders, grow customer loyalty, and take the heat off their backs. Our online programmes have been created to provide ambitious individuals who want to progress and fulfil their passion, develop the capabilities to achieve their goals and succeed in their chosen career, without the need to actually attend the university campus..
Keele provides the support and expertise to broaden your knowledge, expand your opportunities and gain the prestige qualification that you will require to help you stand out from the crowd in this ever-competitive global market. Start Dates
Online MSc Computer Science degrees:
Online MA Education degrees:
Online MSc Management degrees:
Online MPH degrees:
Online MSc Management programmes – tuition fees
Online MSc Computer Science programmes and online MA Education programmes 
Online MPH programmes – tuition fees
The total cost tuition fee for the MSc Computer Science with Artificial Intelligence online at Keele University is £7,440 
If you are based in the UK, you may be eligible for a government postgraduate loan to cover the full costs of the programme
If you pay module-by-module, you will pay in instalments of:
Fees will be reviewed annually and may increase by a small percentage each academic year for continuing students. The master’s programme equips you with in-demand skills and the ability to solve real-world problems, and prepares you for a wide range of careers with the fast-growing list of companies who are investing in harnessing the power of AI to improve their decision making, services and products, including: online markets; online music and video delivery; automated operations in factories and warehouses; and automated intelligent customer support services. The total fee comprises:
Students learning on the programmes will require the ability to develop and run programs in languages that may include (but are not limited to) HTML, JavaScript, Java, Matlab, R and Python, used primarily for the design of computer programs and handling of large data sets often encountered in the areas of computing, data analytics and artificial intelligence. If you’re an aspiring business leader and manager, ready to take on the opportunities and challenges of today’s globalised, fast-paced, and ever-evolving business environments, we have the perfect online master’s degree […]
Articles
The value of advanced education in a competitive job market
A recent review of the current UK  labour market,  found that individuals who study qualifications in higher education or further education earn higher salaries compared to those who do not. The course is industry-led, benefitting from the department’s collaborative projects with industry partners, including the ‘Knowledge Transfer Partnership’, with Bentley Motors Ltd.
Key Info
Entry requirements for home and international students
You should normally have, or be about to complete:
Or:
The work experience must be at a graduate level, in either managerial or professional capacity normally in computing, IT or data-related employment which may include development, management or significant responsibility in use of IT or data. Knowledge and skills taught include:Applications of AI and machine learningMathematics for AI and data scienceStatistical data analytics and databasesDesign and programmingUser interaction designSoftware engineeringWeb technologies and securityResearch and consultancy skills
Knowledge and skills taught include:
An industry-led online Master’s to set you apart in the dynamic modern world of work
The online MSc Computer Science with Artificial Intelligence can be studied from anywhere in the world, with no need to attend campus. These programmes are available to professionals who currently work in or have experience of working in computer science roles and want a Master’s degree to enhance their credentials and boost their career prospects, and to those individuals who are not from an academic or professional background, but want to change their career direction in to the field of computer science. Canvas LMS Browser and Computer Requirements
Some modules have additional technical and software requirements which include but are not limited to the following:
Design and Programming
Anaconda –accessed here
Web technologies
XAMPP –accessed here
Statistical Data Analytics and Databases
WEKA –accessed here
Programme Start dates
Fees
If you are based in the UK or the EU, you may be eligible for a government postgraduate loan to cover the full course fees. It explores the systematic use of requirements engineering for user interaction and user experience design, the psychological and social-psychological foundations for understanding user interactions, the experimental design and evaluation of user experiences, and the development techniques and technologies for creating user interfaces for web-based and mobile applications. With a core MSc Computer Science and opportunities to specialise in the cutting edge fields of data analytics and artificial intelligence, the programmes give you the opportunities to learn web and programming languages and gain skills that are highly sought after by employers, across a range of industries. The length of each stage varies from product to product, so making the most of marketing efforts can extend each […]
100%onlineMaster’s degrees
Prestige qualifications to equip you with career-defining knowledge and skills
Keele University is proud to introduce a suite of entirely online Master’s programmes that have been created for a global audience of ambitious and proactive individuals. An immersive online learning experience from leaders for student satisfaction
Once enrolled, you will join a community of tutors and peers in an online learning environment that has been carefully designed to enable collaboration and facilitate peer-to-peer learning, with discussion groups via online forums and multimedia academic content central to the interactive nature of the online learning experience. The goal is to make best use of assessment practices that similarly meet the needs of students in this context.To enable the development of varied assessment types that will typically include multiple points of submission the assessment methods for all modules is recorded as 100% coursework, however, there will be different modes and points of assessment. With a core Master’s degree and specialisms in international education as well as education leadership and management, these programmes equip you to be able to demonstrate to employers a level of critical and intellectual rigour that can place you at the forefront of key educational careers internationally. This module therefore aims to enhance your skills and knowledge in areas such as: communication and problem solving skills; ethical, legal, and social issues; modern group working techniques specific to computing; design and management of research and consultancy activities; and selecting suitable formats and styles of presentation. These programmes aim to develop students into well-rounded, reflective and practical leaders, and have specialist pathways in the fast-paced field of marketing, the high-growth area of sustainability, and the in-demand subject of data analytics. Contact the Enrolments Team at:enrolments@online.keele.ac.uk
Yes, you can change the programme you’ve applied to however, your application will need to be reassessed to ensure you meet the entry requirements for the new programme. Assessment methods will be varied to include formats such as online quizzes, reports and essays, case studies, projects, portfolios of work, reflective statements and portfolios, strategic plans, presentations (both written and recorded) and journals. While a Master’s degree will help to open doors with employment as well as study, you’ll need to check the specific entry requirements of the programme and institution you are interested in to find out if our programmes are acceptable for entry. Keele University has built its reputation on delivering an outstanding student experience, and our credentials for student-centricity are demonstrated by our consistent top 3 rankings for student satisfaction and course satisfaction in the National Student Survey, as well as in other surveys and rankings including the Guardian rankings (2019) and the PTES survey (2019). Request Information
Award
Britain's best university, as ranked by students
80%
of research 'world-leading' or 'internationally excellent'
Top 3
in UK for business administrative courses
Global Sustainability Institution of the Year
Aboutus
This is Keele:
Founded more than 70 years ago to meet the demands of a new kind of society, economy and world, Keele University’s principles resonate now more than ever. The flexible design of this master’s means that you can fit your studies around your full-time work and family commitments and can continue to earn and progress in your role, with no need to take a costly study break. The module explores the development of computer programs using appropriate technology, including the accessing of data over the Internet and the use of user interfaces to manipulate and display data. Academic support
After you begin your studies and have access to our online learning platform, Canvas, you can access your tutor’s email address via the ‘Tutors’ button on the homepage of any academic module. The freedom and flexibility to study from anywhere
The Master’s programmes are delivered entirely online and can be studied from anywhere in the world, with no need to ever attend campus. We accept the following qualifications:
Technical requirements
As these programmes are delivered 100% online, you will be required to have access to a desktop computer or laptop of which you have administrative rights which allows you to install software as required. The online MSc Computer Science with Artificial Intelligence from Keele University has been carefully designed to develop the knowledge and skills required to take advantage of the exponential growth of this sector and excel in artificial intelligence careers. It equips you with the necessary knowledge and skills to tackle real-world data science problems including quadratic equations, vectors, matrices, linear questions, multiple variables, functions and probability. Rather, they have become the cornerstones by which many consumers and investors choose to part with their money, playing […]
Marketing strategies for every stage of the product life cycle
All products that are introduced into the market go through a four-stage product life cycle (PLC). Admissionrequirements
Online MSc Management programmes
Online MSc Computer Science programmes
The work experience must be at a graduate level, in either managerial or professional capacity normally in computing, IT or data related employment which may include development, management or significant responsibility in use of IT or data. Startdates
Start your online Master’s within weeks
Online MSc Computer Science, MA Education and MSc Management programmes
The 100% online Keele Master’s programmes have six starts per year, meaning that you can get started within a matter of weeks. What you will learn
You will develop an in-depth understanding of artificial intelligence techniques and their advanced applications in key fields, such as social media analysis, image processing and data mining, speech processing and automated marketing recommendations. Keele is a campus university, nestled in 600 acres of countryside in the heart of the UK, with a small, cosmopolitan and diverse community. 100%onlineMSc Computer SciencewithArtificial Intelligence
A flexible online Master’s geared to career success in a fast-growing field
From 2019-2020, the global AI software market grew 54% year-on-year to $22.6 billion, with similarly impressive annual growth rates forecast for the coming years (Statista 2020). You will build your knowledge and understanding through subject specialist micro-lectures, small and individual activities, guided reading and self-study, and the research dissertation module. The module equips you with an understanding of a variety of tools and statistical techniques that will enable you to make sense of the exponential growth of big data. Access to Microsoft Office (including Word and Excel) is required (and is included at no extra cost to Keele Students), in addition to the ability to open pdf files via programs such as Acrobat. Students are expected to have access to laptops that meet the required software specifications to engage in study from home and they are expected to have a working Internet connection to engage in their studies. Whilst being a place of research and academic excellence, it’s a university that places the student at the heart of what it does, providing each student with support throughout their studies. Additional software may also be required, such as Integrated Development Environments for compiling, running, and testing code, and will be provided by the University when required. With no prior academic or professional experience in computer science or artificial intelligence required to enrol on the course, it is ideally suited to forward-thinking and progressive individuals who wish to embark on an exciting new career in this high-growth field. You can begin the Master’s at a time that’s convenient for you and study at your own pace, fitting your study around work and family commitments. This research project module enables you to evaluate, integrate and apply theoretical knowledge and problem-solving skills to a programming, research or business problem within the discipline. You will acquire the knowledge and practical skills that are necessary to design, build, deploy and evaluate computer applications and artificial intelligence software. You will need to provide academic transcripts as evidence of your education, as well as proof you meet the English language requirements and of work experience (where needed). These principal learning and teaching methods are assisted by a variety of other learning activities, individual feedback on assignments, the use of case studies and summative and formative assessment. By studying online with Keele University, you will benefit from the flexibility of adapting your degree to your life, rather than the other way around. To make progressing through your programme easier, you will be instructed on how to access and use the online portal as part of your first module. There are two breaks built into each year of the programme:
Winter – two weeks (between December and January)Summer – two weeks (between August and September)
There may also be an opportunity to take a study break or a longer leave from studies if required. Key to an individual’s career in the modern world of internet and web technology is the ability to function effectively as part of a development team. Join the business management professionals of tomorrow, at a university ranked in the top 3 in the UK for postgraduate business courses (PTES, 2019). You will be able to analyse, understand, and design user interactions and experiences and implement appropriate applications to support user needs. You will consider the technology, its application and a critical evaluation of when and where to apply the approach. The department regularly wins and is awarded funding from the leading UK research funding agencies, ESPRC and BSRC, as well as prestigious funding bodies such as the Leverhulme Trust. You will develop the ability to employ strategic and critical thinking to find creative solutions and make intelligent and informed choices within an ever-changing and complex work environment. They are actively involved in cutting-edge research, which is reflected by the fact that 80% of the university’s research was rated ‘world leading’ or ‘internationally important’ in the latest Research Excellence Framework. If you’re passionate about delivering inspirational educational experiences and transforming the lives of learners, Keele has the ideal online master’s programme for you. The total fee comprises:
MSc Computer Science programmes
You should have or be about to complete: a minimum 2:2 undergraduate degree or a third-class honours degree or an ordinary degree (without honours) or UK equivalent professional qualification with two years’ minimum appropriate work experience. The majority of this software is freely available to download from the Internet and the associated details will be provided on the course. The online programmes are 100% taught online giving you the flexibility you need if on-campus teaching and learning is not suitable for your current needs and lifestyle. For more information on this, please contact the Enrolment Team atenrolments@online.keele.ac.uk
These are full theory programmes, however, MSc Computer Science students will be expected to implement code in practical assessments. Alternatively, you will need three years’ minimum experience in computing, IT or data management if you do not hold a recognised degree to be considered for entry. The final 30–45 credits of the programme (depending on the programme) relate to the dissertation students are required to complete. There are two points of summative assessment for each module: one mid-module and one after the completion of the module (at the end of week 7/8). You will be assigned a dedicated Keele Student Success Coordinator, who will proactively support you throughout your postgraduate studies, from enrolment all the way through to graduation.