The MSc Artificial Intelligence Online is delivered 100% online.
The MSc Artificial Intelligence Online program takes two years to complete on a part-time basis.
The total cost of the the MSc Artificial Intelligence (AI) Online program is £8,950, with instalment and funding options available.
The start dates for the for the MSc Artificial Intelligence Online program are in January, May, and September.
Yes, the 30-week PGCert in Responsible Artificial Intelligence is available for those seeking a shorter course.
The Programme Director for the MSc in Artificial Intelligence Online at the University of Hull is Dr. Rameez Kureshi.
The PGCert Artificial Intelligence program takes 30 weeks to complete on a part-time basis.
The total cost of the PGCert in Artificial Intelligence is £2,750.
The minimum academic qualification required to apply for the MSc Artificial Intelligence Online program is an Honours degree at 2:2 or above (or international equivalent) in a STEM discipline or a closely related subject.
Applicants without relevant degree qualifications will be considered based on relevant professional experience or training, including competence in computer programming.
An IELTS score of 6.0 (with a minimum of 5.5 in each skill) or an equivalent English language proficiency qualification is required.
The lecturers for the MSc Artificial Intelligence program at the University of Hull are Dr. Rameez Kureshi, Professor Adil Khan, Khadija Fraz, Dr. Bhupesh Mishra, Professor Dhaval Thakker
You can pay for tuition online, over the phone using a credit or debit card, or by bank transfer.
To pay online, visit the Convera GlobalPay website after receiving your offer.
To arrange payment by bank transfer, email finance-online@hull.ac.uk after receiving your offer.
You can reach the course advisers at the University of Hull by WhatsApp at  +44 (0)7360 538906
Self-funding students should make the first payment no later than four weeks before the course start date, with subsequent payments due four weeks before each term.
Students using loans must pay their first instalment no later than two weeks after receiving the first loan payment, with subsequent payments due two weeks after each loan payment.
At the University of Hull, students come from over 100 countries around the world, making it a truly global community.
As an online student, you will study alongside peers from across the world and become part of the University's global community.
Once accepted onto an online Masters course, you will be welcomed as a fully-registered student with the University of Hull.
Yes, as a fully-registered student, you will be eligible for a University of Hull student ID card.
Your degree certificate will have the exact same academic weight as that of an on-campus student, with no distinction made between online and on-campus study.
Yes, you will be invited to a graduation ceremony at Hull to celebrate your achievement and receive your degree certificate, identical to that of an on-campus student.
You can reach the course advisers at the University of Hull by phone at +44(0)1482 251 819.
The email address for enquiries about online courses at the University of Hull is enquiries-online@hull.ac.uk.
For the payment options, you can choose to pay fees in full before starting your course or in six convenient instalments over the duration of the course.
Student who refers another student to the University of Hull Online is eligible for a tuition fee discount of up to £750.
The total course fee for the MSc in Healthcare Leadership is £9,950.
The MA in Creative Writing costs £10,600.
The tuition fee for the PGDip in Healthcare Leadership is £6,700.
The cost of the MSc in Dementia program is £10,600.
The PGCert in Healthcare Leadership costs £3,400.
The fee for the PGDip in Dementia is £7,100.
The MSc in Logistics and Supply Chain Management costs £9,950.
The tuition fee for the PGCert in Dementia is £3,600.
The total cost of the MSc in People Analytics program is £10,600.
The MSc in Digital Transformation costs £10,600.
The fee for the PG Award in People Analytics is £1,800.
The cost of the MA in Education program is £8,950.
The MSc in Engineering Management costs £8,950.
The Global MBA program costs £12,150.
The University of Hull is ranked 4th in the north of the UK according to the Times Good University Guide 2022.
The University of Hull climbed 19 places in the Guardian University Rankings 2022.
The MSc Artificial Intelligence course covers the following modules: AI Foundations, Machine Learning & Deep Learning, Ethical Regulatory and Social Aspects for Fair AI, Applied AI, Research/Consultancy Project
If you're experiencing financial or money difficulties, as a University of Hull Online student, you may be eligible for various funding options and bursaries to help cover your course fees. For more information about loans, bursaries, or fee reductions, please call +44(0)1482 251 819 or email enquiries-online@hull.ac.uk.
There are no exams in the University of Hull's MSc Artificial Intelligence online program. All assessments are based on coursework, which is submitted online.
If you temporarily suspend your studies, any tuition fees already paid will be retained until you resume or permanently withdraw. You may be charged again for retaking modules and remain liable for any outstanding fees.
If you have outstanding financial commitments to Hull Online, you won't be able to progress to your next module until your debt is repaid or alternative arrangements are made. To dispute a debt, email finance-online@hull.ac.uk within 7 days of receiving a payment demand.
AI is one of the disruptive innovations of this century that influences all aspects of industries. Our online, part-time MSc in Artificial Intelligence will help you get there. Study from anywhere in the world, at times that suit you best, with expert guidance from our academics and support staff.