Startdates
Start your online Master’s within weeks
Online MSc Computer Science, MA Education and MSc Management programmes
The 100% online Keele Master’s programmes have six starts per year, meaning that you can get started within a matter of weeks. You can begin the Master’s at a time that’s convenient for you and study at your own pace, fitting your study around work and family commitments.
Request Information
Award
Britain's best university, as ranked by students
80%
of research 'world-leading' or 'internationally excellent'
Top 3
in UK for business administrative courses
Global Sustainability Institution of the Year
Aboutus
This is Keele:
Founded more than 70 years ago to meet the demands of a new kind of society, economy and world, Keele University’s principles resonate now more than ever.
Keele is a campus university, nestled in 600 acres of countryside in the heart of the UK, with a small, cosmopolitan and diverse community. Whilst being a place of research and academic excellence, it’s a university that places the student at the heart of what it does, providing each student with support throughout their studies. This is reflected by the fact that Keele is successively ranked at the very top of student satisfaction surveys.
Our degree programmes have always been distinctively challenging, flexible and designed to foster a broader-based knowledge. Our interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary approach doesn’t just underpin a wonderful education but powers our research and impact on world issues. All of which also means we deliver greater impact and value from our research and teaching, globally as well as locally.
Our online programmes have been created to provide ambitious individuals who want to progress and fulfil their passion, develop the capabilities to achieve their goals and succeed in their chosen career, without the need to actually attend the university campus..
Keele provides the support and expertise to broaden your knowledge, expand your opportunities and gain the prestige qualification that you will require to help you stand out from the crowd in this ever-competitive global market.
This is Keele.
100%onlineMSc Computer SciencewithArtificial Intelligence
A flexible online Master’s geared to career success in a fast-growing field
From 2019-2020, the global AI software market grew 54% year-on-year to $22.6 billion, with similarly impressive annual growth rates forecast for the coming years (Statista 2020). The online MSc Computer Science with Artificial Intelligence from Keele University has been carefully designed to develop the knowledge and skills required to take advantage of the exponential growth of this sector and excel in artificial intelligence careers.
With no prior academic or professional experience in computer science or artificial intelligence required to enrol on the course, it is ideally suited to forward-thinking and progressive individuals who wish to embark on an exciting new career in this high-growth field. It also represents an opportunity for professionals who currently work in computer science roles and are looking to either specialise in artificial intelligence or to accelerate their career progression.
The master’s programme equips you with in-demand skills and the ability to solve real-world problems, and prepares you for a wide range of careers with the fast-growing list of companies who are investing in harnessing the power of AI to improve their decision making, services and products, including: online markets; online music and video delivery; automated operations in factories and warehouses; and automated intelligent customer support services.
Set yourself up for success by studying with a university known for academic excellence
When studying an MSc Computer Science with Artificial Intelligence with Keele University, you’ll benefit from learning from academics who are world-leading experts in their field. They are actively involved in cutting-edge research, which is reflected by the fact that 80% of the university’s research was rated ‘world leading’ or ‘internationally important’ in the latest Research Excellence Framework.
The department regularly wins and is awarded funding from the leading UK research funding agencies, ESPRC and BSRC, as well as prestigious funding bodies such as the Leverhulme Trust.
An immersive online learning experience from leaders for student satisfaction
Once enrolled, you will join a community of tutors and peers in an online learning environment that has been carefully designed to enable collaboration and facilitate peer-to-peer learning, with discussion groups via online forums and multimedia academic content central to the interactive nature of the online learning experience. You will be assigned a dedicated Keele Student Success Coordinator, who will proactively support you throughout your postgraduate studies, from enrolment all the way through to graduation.
Keele University has built its reputation on delivering an outstanding student experience, and our credentials for student-centricity are demonstrated by our consistent top 3 rankings for student satisfaction and course satisfaction in the National Student Survey, as well as in other surveys and rankings including the Guardian rankings (2019) and the PTES survey (2019).
What you will learn
You will develop an in-depth understanding of artificial intelligence techniques and their advanced applications in key fields, such as social media analysis, image processing and data mining, speech processing and automated marketing recommendations. You will acquire the knowledge and practical skills that are necessary to design, build, deploy and evaluate computer applications and artificial intelligence software. You will learn programming languages, including Python, R and Matlab.
Knowledge and skills taught include:Applications of AI and machine learningMathematics for AI and data scienceStatistical data analytics and databasesDesign and programmingUser interaction designSoftware engineeringWeb technologies and securityResearch and consultancy skills
Knowledge and skills taught include:
An industry-led online Master’s to set you apart in the dynamic modern world of work
The online MSc Computer Science with Artificial Intelligence can be studied from anywhere in the world, with no need to attend campus. The flexible design of this master’s means that you can fit your studies around your full-time work and family commitments and can continue to earn and progress in your role, with no need to take a costly study break. With six starts a year, you’re not restricted to the traditional academic year and can begin your studies within weeks.
The course is industry-led, benefitting from the department’s collaborative projects with industry partners, including the ‘Knowledge Transfer Partnership’, with Bentley Motors Ltd.
Key Info
Entry requirements for home and international students
You should normally have, or be about to complete:
Or:
The work experience must be at a graduate level, in either managerial or professional capacity normally in computing, IT or data-related employment which may include development, management or significant responsibility in use of IT or data.
If you earned your undergraduate degree outside the UK, you should check that it is equivalent to a 2:2.
English language requirements
If English isn’t your first language you may need to provide evidence of your English language ability. We accept the following qualifications:
Technical requirements
As these programmes are delivered 100% online, you will be required to have access to a desktop computer or laptop of which you have administrative rights which allows you to install software as required. To ensure you can engage with the programmes easily, we would highly recommend utilising a Windows, Mac, or Linux device. Access to Microsoft Office (including Word and Excel) is required (and is included at no extra cost to Keele Students), in addition to the ability to open pdf files via programs such as Acrobat.
Canvas LMS Browser and Computer Requirements
Some modules have additional technical and software requirements which include but are not limited to the following:
Design and Programming
Anaconda –accessed here
Web technologies
XAMPP –accessed here
Statistical Data Analytics and Databases
WEKA –accessed here
Programme Start dates
Fees
If you are based in the UK or the EU, you may be eligible for a government postgraduate loan to cover the full course fees.
Keele alumni discount: if you have successfully completed an undergraduate degree at Keele, you are eligible for a 10% tuition fees reduction, reducing total fees payable to £6,696.
You pay tuition fees for each module taken, either module-by-module or in full at the start of your course.
If you pay module-by-module, you will pay in instalments of £620.
Modules
This module equips you with an understanding and practical experience of a range of cutting edge AI and machine learning techniques applied to authentic problems and datasets. It gives you the opportunity to explore how these techniques can be applied in an area that you wish to pursue post-graduation.
This module provides students from non-mathematical backgrounds with an introduction to the mathematical concepts relevant to AI and data science. It equips you with the necessary knowledge and skills to tackle real-world data science problems including quadratic equations, vectors, matrices, linear questions, multiple variables, functions and probability.
The module equips you with an understanding of a variety of tools and statistical techniques that will enable you to make sense of the exponential growth of big data. You will develop knowledge of advanced analytics, data analysis, and statistical modelling techniques and evaluate their applicability to different types of problems.
This module provides you with a comprehensive introduction to computer system design and programming. It covers algorithms, data structures, data storage and manipulation, and user interfaces, and introduces object-oriented programming. The module explores the development of computer programs using appropriate technology, including the accessing of data over the Internet and the use of user interfaces to manipulate and display data. You will be able to develop programs in a major programming language using principles taught on the course.
This module provides you with a comprehensive knowledge of user interaction design and related techniques. It explores the systematic use of requirements engineering for user interaction and user experience design, the psychological and social-psychological foundations for understanding user interactions, the experimental design and evaluation of user experiences, and the development techniques and technologies for creating user interfaces for web-based and mobile applications.
You will be able to analyse, understand, and design user interactions and experiences and implement appropriate applications to support user needs.
Software engineering is not simply a matter of technical expertise in requirements, specification, design, implementation and maintenance – as typically taught in other modules. Key to an individual’s career in the modern world of internet and web technology is the ability to function effectively as part of a development team. This module prepares you for this experience and combines it with an opportunity to overcome the practical difficulties of working with real-world clients to produce applications which will be applied by those clients.
In this module you will learn to build commercially viable and richly interactive internet or web applications with particular emphasis on mobile web applications. You will consider the technology, its application and a critical evaluation of when and where to apply the approach. A typical example of such a technology would be AJAX where we would consider what it is, its strengths and weaknesses and what alternatives exist where its use might be considered inappropriate. You will also consider in detail the security aspects of web applications and the methods to defend against security threats.
Even the most technically gifted computing professionals need to communicate and plan effectively if their ideas are to be realised. There is also an increasing need for an understanding of the wider implications computing has on society and how legal and ethical issues relate to software development and deployment.
This module therefore aims to enhance your skills and knowledge in areas such as: communication and problem solving skills; ethical, legal, and social issues; modern group working techniques specific to computing; design and management of research and consultancy activities; and selecting suitable formats and styles of presentation.
You will be taught and supported by experts from within the school as well as invited speakers from industry and academia.
This module enables you to survey and evaluate a research problem or business problem within the discipline for exploration within the MSc Project.
This research project module enables you to evaluate, integrate and apply theoretical knowledge and problem-solving skills to a programming, research or business problem within the discipline.
Top 10
for Student Experience
96%
Graduate Employability
FAQs
I’m interested in studying with Keele University online and would like to know more about…
MA Education programmes
You should have or be about to complete: a minimum 2:2 undergraduate degree. We may accept a third-class honours degree or an ordinary degree (without honours) or UK equivalent professional qualification, with two years’ minimum appropriate work experience. Alternatively, you will need three years’ minimum experience in education if you do not hold a recognised degree to be considered for entry.
You may need to provide evidence of your English language ability, if English isn’t your first language. We accept the following:
A degree qualification taught in English and completed within the last two years may also be accepted.
The tuition fees for an MA Education programme are £7,440 in total. The total fee comprises:
MPH programmes
You should have or be about to complete: a minimum 2:2 undergraduate degree or a lower level qualification with two years’ minimum appropriate work experience. You must also have passed GCSE Maths (minimum grade C or 4) and pass a numeracy test prior to starting the programme. Alternatively, you will need three years’ minimum relevant experience if you do not hold a recognised degree to be considered for entry.
You must provide evidence of a recognised qualification in English language if it isn’t your first language. The minimum score for entry to the programme is Academic IELTS 6.0 or equivalent (with no subtest scores below 5.5).
The tuition fees for an MPH programme are £8,500 in total. The total fee comprises:
MSc Computer Science programmes
You should have or be about to complete: a minimum 2:2 undergraduate degree or a third-class honours degree or an ordinary degree (without honours) or UK equivalent professional qualification with two years’ minimum appropriate work experience. Alternatively, you will need three years’ minimum experience in computing, IT or data management if you do not hold a recognised degree to be considered for entry.
The tuition fees for the MSc Computer Science programmes are £7,440 in total. The total fee comprises:
Students learning on the programmes will require the ability to develop and run programs in languages that may include (but are not limited to) HTML, JavaScript, Java, Matlab, R and Python, used primarily for the design of computer programs and handling of large data sets often encountered in the areas of computing, data analytics and artificial intelligence.
The majority of this software is freely available to download from the Internet and the associated details will be provided on the course. Those software programs that are not available freely online will be provided by the School. Additional software may also be required, such as Integrated Development Environments for compiling, running, and testing code, and will be provided by the University when required.
Students are expected to have access to laptops that meet the required software specifications to engage in study from home and they are expected to have a working Internet connection to engage in their studies.
MSc Management programmes
You should have or be about to complete: a minimum 2:2 undergraduate degree or a third-class honours degree or an ordinary degree (without honours) or UK equivalent professional qualification with two years’ minimum appropriate work experience. Alternatively, you will need two years’ minimum relevant experience if you do not hold a recognised degree to be considered for entry.
The tuition fees for an MSc Management programme are £7,740 in total. The total fee comprises:
More programme information
Our degree programmes are offered as part-time study only.
Our programmes are not third party accredited. There is a system of quality assurance delivered by the Quality Assurance Agency for Higher Education. Keele University is a legally recognised, degree-awarding body, by the UK government.
Our degree programmes have six start dates each year, so you will be able to get your studies started soon after your application is accepted. Visitonline.keele.ac.uk/start-datesfor our next available start date.
Our programmes are designed to be completed in two years.
Our degree programmes are 180 credits.
An exit award recognises completion of a number of credits, when you have not completed a full Master’s programme. It means you may be able to exit your programme with a Postgraduate Certificate after completing 60 credit units (four modules), or a Postgraduate Diploma after 120 units (eight modules). Please contact the Enrolment Team who can confirm if this option is available for your chosen programme.
While a Master’s degree will help to open doors with employment as well as study, you’ll need to check the specific entry requirements of the programme and institution you are interested in to find out if our programmes are acceptable for entry.
You will build your knowledge and understanding through subject specialist micro-lectures, small and individual activities, guided reading and self-study, and the research dissertation module. These principal learning and teaching methods are assisted by a variety of other learning activities, individual feedback on assignments, the use of case studies and summative and formative assessment.
The final 30–45 credits of the programme (depending on the programme) relate to the dissertation students are required to complete. The dissertation requires independent thought and action and encourages the integration of course material with areas of individual expertise and interest.
Your degree certificate will not state you have studied online and will look the same as those of students who study on-campus. The mode of delivery however, will likely appear on your degree transcripts as online and part-time.
Entry requirements
Our entry requirements vary by degree. Check the full entry requirements for each programme on the programme’s page.
Our English language entry requirements vary by degree. Check the full entry requirements for each programme on the programme’s page.
Yes, however the amount you need depends on the prorgamme you are applying to:
All evidence is assessed on a case-by-case basis.
Please refer to theUniversity’s RPL Policybefore completing an RPL form and contact our Enrolment agents for guidance and to submit the completed form.
Please be aware that claiming RPL against Master’s programmes may compromise your eligibility for a postgraduate loan, as the loan criteria requires studying a full, stand-alone programme. For more information please visit theUK government’s postgraduate loan website.
Our degree programmes are entirely online – you will not require a visa while you study with us.
Applying
A link to the application form can be found on the website or you can simply make a start atapply.online.keele.ac.uk. You need to complete the form and upload your supporting documents. Your application will then go through a quality assurance process before being submitted to the admissions team for approval.
Our degree programmes have six start dates each year with the application deadline for each approximately 2–3 weeks beforehand. Visitonline.keele.ac.uk/start-datesfor our next available application deadline.
You will need to provide academic transcripts as evidence of your education, as well as proof you meet the English language requirements and of work experience (where needed).
You can upload your documents via your application dashboard.
You will not need to provide a reference for entry onto our programmes.
You will usually receive a decision on your application within seven days.
We can reset your password. Contact the Enrolments Team at:enrolments@online.keele.ac.uk
Yes, you can change the programme you’ve applied to however, your application will need to be reassessed to ensure you meet the entry requirements for the new programme. Please contact the Enrolment Team for more information at:enrolments@online.keele.ac.uk
Receiving an offer
You can accept your offer by clicking ‘Accept Offer’ on your offer email.
Yes. You can defer for a maximum of 12 months from the start date of your offer.
Fees and payment
Our tuition fees vary by programme and are displayed at the top of each programme page. Find and select your programme to view its cost.
Each intake has a payment deadline before the module start date, and this will be the same for future modules. Where you are unsure of the next payment deadline, please reach out to our Enrolment Team. We highly advise that you make your payment early, to avoid any technical problems caused by high traffic. You will also receive access to your Orientation Module. Unfortunately, you will not be able to start your module/programme if you miss the deadline.
Once you have enrolled and selected your module, Keele’s Finance Team will contact you with further guidance on how to make payment. Please reach out to one of our Enrolment Agents if you require any assistance.
Unfortunately, you cannot pay your tuition fees in instalments. You can however pay per module to help break up the cost of your programme.
You can pay your fees by credit or debit card and must make a single payment on a single card.
No. Students of our online degree programmes pay the same fees regardless of location.
You need to withdraw from your programme within 14 days of your start date to be eligible for a refund. You will need to let us know atstudentsuccess@online.keele.ac.ukwithin the 14 day refund window.
Scholarships and funding
Students based in the UK may be eligible for a postgraduate loan. Visit theUK government’s postgraduate loan websiteto check your eligibility.
You can apply through student finance on the gov.uk website. The Postgraduate Loan application can be on theUK government’s postgraduate loan website.
Yes, however if an invoice is required please ensure you speak to our Enrolment Team more than four weeks in advance of the payment deadline so this can be accommodated.
For information on available scholarships,please refer to our website.
Yes, if you have completed an undergraduate programme with us you are eligible for a 10% discount which will be applied when you pay.
Yes, you can apply for the Disabled Students’ Allowance. Please visit theUK government’s Disabled Students’ Allowance websitefor more information.
Studying online
You will be using Canvas, our online learning management platform.
You will have access to forums where you will be able to contact your peers. You will also be able to branch out and create study groups on different platforms.
All online courses are designed for weekly module participation, and students will need to engage in study each week to stay fully involved in tutor and student discussions. Each module is worth 15 credits and is designed to need roughly 19 hours’ study per week in each of the eight weeks (approximately 150 study hours in total).
There are two breaks built into each year of the programme:
Winter – two weeks (between December and January)Summer – two weeks (between August and September)
There may also be an opportunity to take a study break or a longer leave from studies if required. For more information on this, please contact the Enrolment Team atenrolments@online.keele.ac.uk
These are full theory programmes, however, MSc Computer Science students will be expected to implement code in practical assessments.
All assessment will be online: there is no need to attend Keele’s campus for assessments.
The goal is to make best use of assessment practices that similarly meet the needs of students in this context.To enable the development of varied assessment types that will typically include multiple points of submission the assessment methods for all modules is recorded as 100% coursework, however, there will be different modes and points of assessment.
There are two points of summative assessment for each module: one mid-module and one after the completion of the module (at the end of week 7/8). It is also expected that at least one formative assessment is submitted prior to the first summative.
Assessment methods will be varied to include formats such as online quizzes, reports and essays, case studies, projects, portfolios of work, reflective statements and portfolios, strategic plans, presentations (both written and recorded) and journals. There will be a mixture of individual and group-work activities.
The online programmes are 100% taught online giving you the flexibility you need if on-campus teaching and learning is not suitable for your current needs and lifestyle.
Course content updates can vary depending on module and programme reviews, as well as change of teaching content and feedback.
In addition to paying tuition fees, you may be required to pay for textbooks for your online Masters programme. These could be e-books or physical textbooks.
All coursework and assessments are completed online, so you will not need to travel to undertake your studies.
No. These programmes are delivered as asynchronous learning. This means there are no live parts of the programme, so you can study in your free time. The programme’s student success coordinators and your academic supervisor will however, be able to monitor your engagement with the programme. No engagement for five days will be considered a potential challenge to your success hence please allow for relevant support.
Yes, technology support is included in the programmes. To make progressing through your programme easier, you will be instructed on how to access and use the online portal as part of your first module.
Academic support
After you begin your studies and have access to our online learning platform, Canvas, you can access your tutor’s email address via the ‘Tutors’ button on the homepage of any academic module. Please ensure you contact your tutors via your student email.
Your module tutor will be involved with your course engagement, for example, posting about topics for online student discussion boards and sometimes facilitating these discussions. You can contact your module tutor with any questions you may have or if you need additional support.
We work with staff across the university to provide you with the individual support you need while you are our student. If you need advice from one of our specialist advisers, we’ll arrange a call back for you. Get in touch by email atsupport.dds@keele.ac.ukor phone on+44(0)1782 734481for more information.
Admissionrequirements
Online MSc Management programmes
Online MSc Computer Science programmes
The work experience must be at a graduate level, in either managerial or professional capacity normally in computing, IT or data related employment which may include development, management or significant responsibility in use of IT or data.
Online MA Education Programmes
About online study
What online MA Education programmmes can I study at Keele?
Excel in your educational practice at one of the top 10 universities in England for Education (Complete University Guide 2021). If you’re passionate about delivering inspirational educational experiences and transforming the lives of learners, Keele has the ideal online master’s programme for you. Spanning all levels of study and types of educational settings – from […]
Why study an MSc Computer Science programme online?
As the technology sector shows no signs of slowing down, professionals with up-to-date knowledge and skills in computer science are highly sought-after by employers. By studying online with Keele University, you will benefit from the flexibility of adapting your degree to your life, rather than the other way around. You can access course materials at […]
What online MSc Management degrees are available at Keele?
Join the business management professionals of tomorrow, at a university ranked in the top 3 in the UK for postgraduate business courses (PTES, 2019). If you’re an aspiring business leader and manager, ready to take on the opportunities and challenges of today’s globalised, fast-paced, and ever-evolving business environments, we have the perfect online master’s degree […]
Articles
The value of advanced education in a competitive job market
A recent review of the current UK  labour market,  found that individuals who study qualifications in higher education or further education earn higher salaries compared to those who do not. At 29 years old, males who attend HE tend to earn 25% more than those with 5 GCSEs who did not go to university. For […]
Exploring opportunities in computer science
Interested in designing digital solutions to optimise business operations? Protecting critical infrastructure from cyber threats? Designing the next hyper-engaging social media mobile app? Making the impossible possible using artificial intelligence (AI) and virtual reality (VR)? Wherever your passion and curiosity lie, computer science has a home for them. Computer science is an ever-evolving, high-growth, global […]
The strategies and tactics of mobile marketing
How many times have you swiped on your smartphone today? Chances are it’s a lot – likely more than you’re even aware of. Every time we unlock our devices, the likelihood of us being exposed to marketing messages and mobile advertising tactics increases, providing a highly valuable – not to mention lucrative – opportunity for […]
Building trust in the workplace: responsible, ethical, and sustainable business practices
Trustworthiness, ethical behaviour, authenticity, transparency, accountability, advocacy: in 2024, these are not simply buzzwords and buzz phrases that organisations can throw about to win over stakeholders, grow customer loyalty, and take the heat off their backs. Rather, they have become the cornerstones by which many consumers and investors choose to part with their money, playing […]
Marketing strategies for every stage of the product life cycle
All products that are introduced into the market go through a four-stage product life cycle (PLC). At each stage, there are different marketing tactics a business can activate to maximise the product’s reach and sales. The length of each stage varies from product to product, so making the most of marketing efforts can extend each […]
100%onlineMaster’s degrees
Prestige qualifications to equip you with career-defining knowledge and skills
Keele University is proud to introduce a suite of entirely online Master’s programmes that have been created for a global audience of ambitious and proactive individuals.
Designed to prepare professionals for progression into more senior roles are our fourMSc Management degrees. These programmes aim to develop students into well-rounded, reflective and practical leaders, and have specialist pathways in the fast-paced field of marketing, the high-growth area of sustainability, and the in-demand subject of data analytics. These master’s degrees will teach skills that will stay with you for the rest of your working life, setting you up for future success.
Our onlineMSc Computer Science programmeshave been created to provide a pathway for individuals from a range of backgrounds to either launch or further progress their career in this high demand field. These programmes are available to professionals who currently work in or have experience of working in computer science roles and want a Master’s degree to enhance their credentials and boost their career prospects, and to those individuals who are not from an academic or professional background, but want to change their career direction in to the field of computer science. With a core MSc Computer Science and opportunities to specialise in the cutting edge fields of data analytics and artificial intelligence, the programmes give you the opportunities to learn web and programming languages and gain skills that are highly sought after by employers, across a range of industries.
Our onlineMA Education programmeshave been designed to accelerate the career prospects of educationalists all over the world from across the private and public sectors. With a core Master’s degree and specialisms in international education as well as education leadership and management, these programmes equip you to be able to demonstrate to employers a level of critical and intellectual rigour that can place you at the forefront of key educational careers internationally. You will approach education as a multi-dimensional discipline, exploring educational issues through economic, social, political and professional lenses.
Our Master’s degrees are structured to enable reflective learning, building on your own experiences and current professional challenges within an interactive and collaborative peer-to-peer learning environment. You will develop the ability to employ strategic and critical thinking to find creative solutions and make intelligent and informed choices within an ever-changing and complex work environment.
The freedom and flexibility to study from anywhere
The Master’s programmes are delivered entirely online and can be studied from anywhere in the world, with no need to ever attend campus. They have been carefully designed to fit around the busy schedules of working professionals, ensuring that work and family commitments need not be reasons to put your ambitions on hold. You can study whilst continuing in your current role and immediately apply what you learn to your professional context.
Start Dates
Online MSc Computer Science degrees:
Online MA Education degrees:
Online MSc Management degrees:
Online MPH degrees:
Online MSc Management programmes – tuition fees
Online MSc Computer Science programmes and online MA Education programmes – tuition fees
Online MPH programmes – tuition fees
If you are based in the UK, you may be eligible for a government postgraduate loan to cover the full costs of the programme
If you pay module-by-module, you will pay in instalments of:
Fees will be reviewed annually and may increase by a small percentage each academic year for continuing students. If you choose to pay for each module separately, this could cost you more than paying in full at the start of your course.
The University’s academic year runs from 1 August to 31 July. We will notify you of any increase in fees as soon as we can.
You should be prepared to pay for additional items such as textbooks and PC equipment in order to complete your studies.